Event: Retsupurae
Summary: Your video gets retsupuraed! How do you respond?
Conditions: Subscribers > 5000, 5% chance per turn
Only Once
Flow:
	Start: 
		You're well on your way to becoming one of the internet's gaming greats! Sure, some of your videos aren't the best, but you're trying your hardest, and that's what counts, right?

		Well, some people have a problem with it. Maybe it's the way that you're using a cheap camcorder to record your monitor. Maybe it's because you sound like you're eating your microphone. Or maybe it's because you save scum your way through bad romhacks of NES games.

		Whatever the reason, a channel going by the name of "gretusprame" - run by the famous LPer duo of slowpork and tuberculosis - have taken it upon themselves to do a video riffing on one of yours. They can't do that, right?

	Choices:
		I'll file a copyright claim!
			* 3 days later *
			Your copyright claim against gretusprame is resolved in their favor. It turns out that, even if you did have a copyright on your video, making fun of it is covered under fair use. Who knew?

			But while your frivolous claim didn't affect them, it's caused some of your more mature subscribers to decide they want nothing to do with you. Maybe you should learn to take criticism in stride?

			* lose 50% of middle aged and elderly subscribers, 40% of adult subscribers *
		Rally my fanbase!
			* 3 days later *
			You rally your fanbase to attack gretusprame for the heinous crime of making fun of you. While you manage to make a dent in their like/dislike ratio, and flood their comments with pointless drivel, you find out that they really don't care that much about being popular.

			Though the adults among your fanbase thought it was petty of you, the diehard children among them only became more rabid. Maybe this will help make up for the loss in subscribers.

			* lose 30% of middle aged, elderly, and adult subscribers, gain 150% multiplier to views from children, teens, and young adults for next week *
		Do nothing.
			* 3 days later *
			While it hurt your ego a little bit, the Gretusprame video blew over without any serious effects to your channel. Sure, some people you don't know think you're a terrible Let's Player, but they probably weren't going to be your fans anyways.

			At least a few of those people thought you weren't terrible, so it seems you've gained a few subscribers from this.

			* gain 10% of adult and middle aged subscribers *

Event: THE CORNDRAFTER RANT

Event: Copyright Claim
Summary: Someone has placed a copyright claim on your video!
Conditions: Subscribers > 100, 1% chance per turn
Multiple Times, Eight Day Cooldown
Flow:
	Start:
		A rights holder has claimed a copyright on some of the content in your videos. You're sure that it's not a legitimate claim, but YouTube's decided that it's best not to take chances, and have pulled your video. What are you going to do about this?

		* latest video is disabled for the rest of the week *
	Choices:
		Fight the claim!
			60% chance:
				* 7 days later *
				It's taken a while, but YouTube's finally decided that your content is indeed yours. You don't receive any recompense for the views you've lost, but news of this meritless claim has brought some new viewers to your channel. That's something.

				* receive an extra 5% subscribers *
			40% chance:
				* 7 days later *
				YouTube's decided that your video was indeed infringing on the rights holder's copyright. Unfortunately, this means that you need to remove the infringing content from your video.

				It's taken you a few hours, but at least somebody will be able to watch your video now.

				* lose eight hours of the day, video is re-enabled *
		Remove content and re-upload the video.
			It takes a few hours, but you're able to remove the offending content and re-upload the video. Now you'll be able to enjoy all the views you were supposed to get.

			* lose eight hours *

Event: Reuploads
Summary: Someone else is re-uploading your content to another channel.
Conditions: Subscribers > 10000, 10% chance per turn
Only Once
Flow:
	Start:
		Congratulations! You're popular enough that someone has decided to go out of their way to take your content and put it on their channel! So, of course, you're not getting the views, subscribes, or ad money from these videos you made. What are you going to do about this?
	Choices:
		Get YouTube to take the channel down.
			It took the entire day, but you were finally able to get through to YouTube and get them to take down the channel. Looks like a few people who watched the re-uploaded videos found their way to your channel, though, so at least you get something out of this!

			* lose sixteen hours, extra 5% subscribers *
		Ignore it.
			* nothing happens *

Event: Hack
Summary: Someone has hacked your account and deleted a few of your videos.
Conditions: Subscribers > 1000, 3% chance per turn
Multiple Times, One Week Cooldown
Flow:
	Start:
		There are some problems that come with being popular. Some people who are up to no good have been looking to get into your account, and one of them has managed to do it. You managed to get your account back, but it looks like they deleted a few of your recent videos.

		* a few of your videos get deleted. that's it *
Event: Drama
Summary: You've been pulled into some internet drama you really don't want to be involved with.
Conditions: Subscribers > 100000, 10% chance per turn
Multiple Times, Two Week Cooldown
Flow:
	Start:
		Some other YouTube superstars who run in the same circles that you do have drawn you into some drama you really don't want to be a part of. Are you going to try to back out of it, or will you join in?
	Choices:
		Join in.
			TODO: write description

			* lose 20% adult and middle aged, gain 10% children, teens, and young adults *
		Try to back out.

Event: Brigade
Summary: Someone more popular is using their power to attack you and your videos.

Event: Plug
Summary: Someone more popular than you gives you a shout-out in one of their videos.

Event: Ad Block
Summary: Some of your viewers are using an ad blocker, so you're not making money from them.

Event: Idiot Game Creator
Summary: The creator of a game you've made videos of is being an idiot on Twitter.
Conditions: Subscribers > 100, 10% chance per turn
Multiple Times, Fifteen Day Cooldown
Flow:
	Start:
		A developer of a game you've made videos of has been making some controversial statements on Twitter. 